Demo Overview:

a) How many types of data available?
	3 types 
	1. Unstructured	2. Semi-structured	3. Structured
b) How many types of IT applications available?
	Many types, importantly 
	1> OLTP: Online Transaction Processing  2> OLAP: Online Analytical Processing
c) What is BI?
	BI: Business Intelligence
	Type: Decision making or Analysis type
	
	Def: BI is the process of converting normal data into decision making data
d) What is the input and output of BI?
	Input: Any, Anywhere, AnyType  Data
	Outpue: Report / Dashboard
e) Single line difference between Report and Dashboard?
	Report:Individual Operation display component
	Dashboard: Multiple operations high level data display component
f) What is BI Process?
	It is a layered process and containing 5 layers
	a) ETL Layer: Brings data, perform operations , and load
	b) Warehouse Layer: Huge Storage Area
	c) Semantic Layer: Meaningful data creation area, specific data storage and usage area
	d) Reporting Layer: Generate reports and dsahboards
	e) Quality Layer: Ensure the data quality before moving to warehouse
	f) Metadata Layer: Maintains structure properly in the warehouse
	
g) What is MSBI?
	Microsoft Business Intelligence [SQL Server Business Intelligence]
	It has 
	SSIS
	SSAS
	SSRS
	DQS
	MDS
	Release : 2005
	Versions: Every 2-3 years
	Def: A SSBI Suite with multiple tools to perform end-end operations and generate report and dashboard.
h) What is Power BI?
	"Powering Existing BI"
	Release: 2013 July
	Versiong: Monthly updates, no versions
	Def: A SSBI low-code and cloud and on-premise supportive application with multiple concepts to perform  end-end operations and generate report and dashboard.

i) What is Azure BI?
	Cloud: SOmebody else's storage area
	Req: Cloud URL and Account
	Types: Data, Service, Platform etc.
	
	Data Cloud: Google Drive [drive.google.com], OneDrive [OneDrive.in]
					  15 GB Free, 100GB Rs.131+ taxes /month   2 TB: 650+ Taxes /month
	Streaming clouds: Prime Video, Netflix etc.
				Mobile and TV accounts, Single user and multi users accounts are different.
				Mobile: Rs. 199    TV and multiple users:1400 / month
	Microsoft Azure:  A rich cloud platform with various services [iaas, paas, saas etc.]
						Ex: Data, Servers, Platforms, BI, AI, Data Science etc.
	Azure BI:
			If you perform BI operations in Azure, then it is called as Azure BI.
			Ex: ADF [Azure Data Factory], Synapse, AAS[Azure Analysis Services], SNowflake, Data Lake etc.
			
NOte: MSBI and Power BI are available with physical names and software, whereas Azure BI is a logical name.



j) What is Power Platform?
	A low-code platform given in 2019 to perform various operations [Power BI is part of Power Platform]
	a) Power BI  b) Power Apps  c) Power Automate d) Power Pages  e) Virtual Agent

k) What is Microsoft Fabric?
     Fabric is a market suitable BI suite with the below components
	1. Data Factory: Data Integration
	2. Synpase: Data Storage and Analytics
	3. Power BI: Reporting and Visualization
	4. Data Activator:  Monitoring and Governance
	Release: 2023 June-End

l) What type of projects you find and existence of Power BI in the projects?


m) What is the order of Powrer BI Course Better learning and trying for Interviews?

	